C Data Structures Lib
=====================

    Created By: Michael D. Lowis
    Email:      mike@mdlowis.com

About This Project
------------------
This library is meant to be a collection of common data structures, implemented
in C, that can be used in any C or C++ program. The goal is to implement many
of the same data structures that the C++ STL provides, in pure C.

License
-------
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, all code and documentation contained within
this repository is released under the BSD 2-Clause license. The text for this
license can be found in the LICENSE.md file.

Requirements For Building
-------------------------
The following dependencies are required for building the library and running the
tests:

* GCC
* Ruby (>= 1.9.3)
* Rake
* Bundler

Build Instructions
------------------
This project uses a combination of Rscons, Rake, and Bundler for the build
system. The first step to building the project is to ensure the necessary
dependencies are installed via bundler. The following command will fetch and
install the necessary Ruby gems:

    bundle install

If the installation completes successfully you are all set to build the
software. Simply execute rake from the root to run all tests and build the
library:

    rake

If you would like more fine-grained control over the build you can see all
available rake tasks with the following command:

    rake -T

Project Files and Directories
-----------------------------
    Gemfile        Used to specify bundler dependencies.
    Gemfile.lock   Generated by bundler and used by Rakefile to lock dependencies.
    LICENSE.md     The software license notification.
    README.md      You're reading this file right now!
    Rakefile       The main build script, used to control the build.
    build/         This is the directory where all output files will be placed.
    source/        The source for the project.
    tests/         Unit test and mock files.

